# Executive Summary

1.	<u>What is Smart Nation?</u> A Smart Nation is a Singapore where people will be more empowered to live meaningful and fulfilled lives, enabled seamlessly by technology, offering exciting opportunities for all. It is where businesses can be more productive and seize new opportunities in the digital economy. It is a nation which collaborates with our international partners to deliver digital solutions and benefit people and businesses across boundaries. As PM Lee described it at the launch of Smart Nation in November 2014, it is a nation “where we can create possibilities for ourselves beyond what we imagined possible.”

2.	<u>Why Smart Nation?</u> Smart Nation is integral to Singapore’s next phase of nation building. Technology disruption is a global force we must confront and harness to our advantage. Developments in digital technology present opportunities for Singapore to enhance our strengths, overcome our national challenges and physical limits, and build new sources of comparative advantage. Digitalisation will be pervasive, and change life as we know it. To continue to prosper and stay relevant, Singapore must embrace digitalisation and the benefits it brings. This new era of digital transformation will power Singapore to SG100 and beyond.

3.	<u>What would a Smart Nation look like?</u> In a Smart Nation, we will see transformation in key domains – **health, transport, urban solutions, finance, and education**. For example, our homes and estates will be safer, more comfortable and more sustainable with the use of sensors and smart systems. Smart Nation will also involve every person and organisation, taking action to learn about and adopt digital technologies.

4.	<u>How do we become a Smart Nation?</u> Singapore has laid out mutually-reinforcing plans to build a **Digital Economy, Digital Government and Digital Society**. This means every industry, business and government agency stepping up to accelerate its digitalisation efforts, to drive a whole-of-nation movement powered by a society of digitally ready citizens and communities. To execute these plans, **strong system foundations** are in place, powered by our people and culture. This widespread transformation is exemplified through major **national projects**, in areas such as digital infrastructure and service delivery, and involving the public, private and people sectors. 

5.	<u>Securing our future.</u> We are only in the early days of the digital revolution and our Smart Nation initiative. The effects of this digital era may not always be revolutionary in the short term, but we can expect fundamental changes to society and economy in the decades to come, changes as profound as those resulting from electricity, the combustion engine as well as chemical and materials engineering of previous industrial revolutions. Beyond delivering on the future we can foresee, Singapore must continue to push ahead in this fast-moving space, to continually innovate and transform ourselves, and strengthen our capabilities and expertise so that we are prepared for the unknown. We secure our future by strengthening the nexus between academia, industry and Government, making strategic bets in frontier technologies, and forming strong relationships with the international community.

